Israel's military says it's back in
control in kafar
AAR one of the many villages near the
Gaza border where Palestinian Fighters
got in but soldiers are nervous about
more infiltrations and Hamas gunmen
hiding in the surrounding
Fields heavy machine gun fire close by
and the bodies lying in the trees begin
to appear Palestinian Fighters and then
amongst the destruction of their homes
civilians
soldiers lift the body bags on stretches
to a waiting truck there's still
grenades there's still bodies in houses
and slowly slowly we're now clearing
these communities whoever survived this
is already out of here still counting
the bodies of
dozens weapons lie amongst the rubble a
destroyed paraglider on which one of the
fighters flew in the broken Security
Fence one of dozens of places
breached what you're looking at there is
one of the breach points through which
Hamas Fighters came into Israel there's
been a lot of Destruction here in the
village of kafar Asar we've seen a lot
of bodies and the military tell us that
they are not only Hamas Fighters but
foreign
workers and many Israeli
civilians the road to nearby stot is
littered with destroyed cars and more
bodies close by the smoldering ruins of
a Cosmetics Factory destroyed by one of
the thousands of rockets fired from Gaza
and suddenly The Ripping sound of
another approaching
barrage keep filming keep filming keep
filming stop
shelter we've been in contact with
somebody that lived through that
nightmare we need to kill them we need
to strangle them otherwise it will
continue we can't go back to giving them
food water Building Material really we
should not give them these
things the buildup of military equipment
near the border continues as Israel vows
Vengeance for an attack on a scale it
has never suffered before Charles stford
Al jazer kafa
a make sure to subscribe to our Channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer